# Unmasking

The source code for Unmaskinglungcancer.ca 

##TODO:

1.
We need a short domain for email, like unmask.life ($1.99) 
Then, use free site like forwardmail.net to setup a few forwarding option. E.p:
info@unmask.life , donate@unmask.life

2. 
Add picture to appropriate places.
Make web look beautiful

3. 
We need a mobile version of that websites

4.
We need to report our site to google and impliment basic boosting as early as possible
as Google love older site

5. (Optional)
Create a github account, fork this repo 
Create a cloudflare account, pages -> use that repo

##To client:
1. Interactive Treatment Navigator, Ask a Nurse/Oncologist Chat, Mental Health can be arraged by chatbot
2. use chatbot to help you create mealplan, as gender, weight, age, other illness, belif, etc. must be considered.
3. The point is, we need a fine-tuned chatbot https://chatgpt.com/g/g-4WAvu3UH2-lung-cancer to do all the task

4. Advocacy tracker: If you can provide the list of legislation that should be focus on, i can use github action to make real-time tracker
5. Regarding the 'one-click tools to email MPs/representatives,' I've reviewed the relevant Canadian laws to ensure we avoid any legal challenges. These include Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL),  Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA),  federal Lobbying Act etc. For now I plan to make a search tool that can help user find their MP's publicly avaliable email as well as list of things worth advocating.
6. I will work on intergrating a map into the website, and air quality, email, local resources etc. can be included.
7. I believe a "asking for help" section could be helpful, where verified patients can asking for help on our websites.
8. AR images can be generated by AI
